i
one
in cute little ones I am me already 10 and
super super super happy this is the
fourth day that we are together I hope that
are enjoying the truth is that I
I'm going super super well recording
in today as the title says
because we had already exaggerated that
desserts and all and that the warm things
sweet then I think the good option
already put something salty and I think that
It's perfect for when you have a
reunioncita mariña and that you want to take
something but not if it is a dessert desserts
here is something more salty if you
like a light or it is perfect
socially delicious delicious
here I could not stop joking
that is very rich but really very very
rich is something super easy to do that does not
you're going to have to bake and that
you burn is that sowing is like that and
delicious is something salty we are
salty but rich you know let's see
what is it that I'm charlie
chaplin this is super super easy to
do and it's delicious you need melon
Ham
and thick panic sticks decorate them with
adhesive tape with decoration and nothing else
like I cut the little corners for
form like a little flag
there are melons in squares you can put
in a nice little dish you know so that
be more health and you already put that the
ham serrano and you put him finally
the little flag is I think that the
little flag gives the touch you know it is
super easy to do and as it does more
cool all this food
and really that's what you have to
do with all the combination of flavors
It is delicious and the pit and ready the truth
is that taste is like super cool
saladito with sweet and it's a way
love how to combine the flavors but
that's delicious delicious and super
easy and very fast to do I used
ones for long lots for skewers and
I put the flag on top, I think
that looks super nice I put a little bit of
tomato basil and kerry I think
mozzarella and olive oil really
you can put whatever you want
but this combination of flavors is
super cool it feels light and I think that
they go very well together and already really what
what I started doing is that I put all
like cherry tomato the cheese and all
those things together the flavors really
they go very well together and finally
I put olive oil
if you want to do in large quantity I
I think it's perfect perfect because
it's super easy you do not have to
cooking nothing and tastes very very good and that
is everything that has definitely is my
favorite they need crackers
current cream cheese and chipotle to taste
for those who should not Mexico do not know
that the chipotle good if you do not know is a
Spicy thing so if you do not have in your
country do not worry you can do it without
he we are going to mix everything we are going to put
all the blender and we will liquefy it
'julito' as well as crushing because
as it is in this blender pain is not
as the most professional in the world
so I went around the corners like
squished you know until it was
as a nice consistency I put it in
a container ready practically that's
everything you have to do and know very
really rich I think that this is my
favorite if you have a meeting with your
friends with your family you can do this
it's super easy to make you wear it
with a container and you give it to your
myths that have enchanted is very very
very rich and me so you do not look very
simple and apart as I love the
olives I put some green olives
apart as well as that very rich contrast
equal with them practically that is
the whole process all for today
I hope you enjoyed it
put into practice definitively the
cat does not have a name or you are dying
delicious delicious delicious delicious
it's fine I thought it was serious and I did not
believe that I forget in the video of
yesterday we did with a little bit where
what you had to do was
write to a person and tell her
they wanted her I missed her you see some
screenshots of the little things
and another thing that I want to tell the
good women for example I have a
thing here that I have to do to me
It gets very nervous when someone says
how nice
I do not know why when I go out and I fix
for somewhere and I'm dating
someone or crazy boyfriend and whatever and I
I will say very nice
how beautiful you look today I do not know what it gives
a lot of grief really like this I do like the
woman we like to be told things
that is really nice we like us
we like we love that we
say pretty ones so obviously
to men also with your boyfriend
you want to tell him you say you know the
men just like to tell you
be well I do not know is something that already
they comment useful that later I feel sorry that
tell me but thank you thank you
thank you very much for putting up with me
hold tremendous and sweet voice we
we had an appointment on Friday you know
that Friday and it's like a video more
wide collections and kisses is there that
I do not forget anything more than how was the
Christmas girl like I did many
videos but fridays are kisses
love you very much
and that's how it looks and you have to
try is very very very rich you
I promise that you think I'm super super
fascinated I think it's a very good
idea as the purpose of starting
the terminal day will be had their
consciousness with quota look at them
these rings I have not almost cultivated
this beautiful all year
forever